Add Cyber Security University (#2268)
sindresorhus/awesome: readme.md

- [Product Management](https://github.com/dend/awesome-product-management#readme) - Learn how to be a better product manager.
- [Roadmaps](https://github.com/liuchong/awesome-roadmaps#readme) - Gives you a clear route to improve your knowledge and skills.
- [YouTubers](https://github.com/JoseDeFreitas/awesome-youtubers#readme) - Watch video tutorials from YouTubers that teach you about technology.

> - [Cyber Security University](https://github.com/brootware/Cyber-Security-University) - Cyber Security University is A curated list of awesome and free educational resources that focuses on learn by doing.

Reviewer: The URL to your list should end in `#readme`:
```suggestion
- [Cyber Security University](https://github.com/brootware/Cyber-Security-University#readme) - Free educational resources that focus on learning by doing.
```

Author: Thank you for the suggestion! Great catch there.

Reviewer: Sure thing! Elite list.
